mac's story here i will summarize the
storyline of the movie entitled four
brothers which was released in 2005.
enjoy watching
the film begins by showing evelyn who is
scolding him adopted daughter because
she was found to have stolen a chocolate
evelyn also gave a lesson to adopted
child she told the store cashier to call
the police to arrest the child
it looks like the boy is starting to get
scared because he doesn't want to go to
jail
evelyn then asked the boy to take
responsibility for what he had done
finally the boy apologized and said that
he would no longer steal anything and
evelyn then decided to forgive adopted
son and told him to go home
after his son came home she started
looking for groceries to buy for
thanksgiving but while he was picking
his turkey of choice two armed and
masked men suddenly appeared at the
store
evelyn panicked and immediately tried to
hide behind the food rack after the
robbers managed to take the money they
shot at the cashier and it made evelyn
scream
evelyn's screams were apparently heard
by the robbers so she caught and shot
dead
after the murder almost everyone in
detroit joined in burying evelyn because
they knew very well how good evelyn
always spreads
then the police officers started to name
evelyn's four adopted children one by
one
beginning with bobby mercer evelyn's
first adopted son who is very brutal and
criminal
he even got entangled with some bookies
then the second one is jerry mercer a
man who is well known and has never done
anything criminal
the third is jack mercer the youngest
child who looks very innocent
hearing that a police officer named
green only mentioned three children his
partner confused and finally green
explained that evelyn's third child
would not be coming to the funeral
the boy named as angel a dangerous
dealer who is highly respected by
several gangs
then evelyn's adopted daughter hugged
each other and encouraged each other
because they had not seen each other for
a long time
the funeral was held at residence of
jerry who is known as the only
successful adopted child of evelyn
after the funeral was over they decided
to regroup at their adoptive mother's
residence
when bobby had just opened the door
someone suddenly stood up who turned out
to angel
they finally shook hands and started
talking bobby leaves the house and he
arranges which rooms his siblings have
to fill while he will fill in evelyn's
former room
just as they were in their respective
rooms a very deep sense of sadness
emerged especially for bobby when people
saw that he was very strong at the
funeral but when he got to his mother's
house he burst into tears like a child
then after he finished crying bobby
approached his youngest brother jack who
was playing his favorite musical
instrument the guitar
then he invited jack to come out and
gather in the dining room
after everyone had gathered jerry
suddenly had an idea to cook a turkey in
memory of their mother
finally jerry decided to go shopping
while angel asked permission to say
goodbye to outside for a moment
all of his siblings knew very well what
angel would do in the middle of the
night like this
but angel dodged it he said that he
would not meet a woman tonight but
suddenly showed angel who was carrying a
woman running away from a house
[Music]
angel seen with a woman avoiding a car
that was chasing the two of them
in the morning they were back together
at the dinner table with the turkey meat
that was ready for them to eat
before starting the program bobby led
his younger siblings to pray and pray
for their adoptive mother
after the prayer session was over they
began to eat the existing dishes
as the children was eating their meal
they stared at the empty chair that
their mother used to sit on
you can see jack angel jerry and bobby
reminiscing about how their mother often
scolded and warned each other about
their behavior
because he couldn't bear to think about
his mother all the time bobby finally
invited all his younger siblings to play
skee-ball like what they used to play
often
they went to one of evelyn's lawyers to
retrieve the inheritance their mother
had given them
the lawyer also gave a box containing
several birth certificates belonging to
jerry and jack but no birth certificates
belonging to bobby or angel and a sum of
money which bobby immediately
distributed
after their mother's inheritance money
distributed they decided to go to a bar
to enjoy a bottle of drink but
unexpectedly one of their acquaintances
at the bar gave them some information
about a witness who saw what happened
the night their mother killed because
jerry is a character good boy he decided
not to join the conversation and left
the table
finally their acquaintance gave him the
information he knew after that bobby
jack and angel immediately prepared some
weapons and went to the place where the
witness of their mother's life
when they got there the mercer
immediately started to mess up they
pretended to cops and chased away
everyone who was partying then went to
the place where the founder of the party
was and without much to say beat him up
bobby gagged the man's mouth and asked
him to say something the man in black
who didn't know anything finally said
something he replied that there were no
eyewitnesses the lights on the
basketball court near the supermarket
where evelyn killed had gone out just
before 10 o'clock
bobby looked at the clock he was wearing
and then he took the man to prove if
what he said was true
when they got there it turned out that
the lights on the basketball court were
still on even though it was already 10
o'clock
finally bobby immediately ordered angel
to bring the man to kill him but
suddenly the basketball court lights
went out and finally the man survived
not satisfied with the clues they had
just been looking for the mercer decided
to head to the supermarket the next day
they talked to the supermarket owner and
they were even shown cctv footage
showing the moments where evelyn killed
[Music]
when evelyn's children saw the cctv
footage they immediately burst into
tears and couldn't hold back their
emotions when they saw evelyn being
brutally murdered
then the supermarket owner said that
after the murder the police spoke for a
long time with a man who was black had
afro hair and had a dog
the man is known be a basketball player
without seeing or tracking the person
mentioned by the shop owner bobby
immediately returned to an indoor
basketball court where a game was being
held
without fear bobby came into the middle
of the field and stopped the game he
then grabbed the ball and pulled out a
gun
then bobby explained that he was looking
for a man who suspected of being a
witness to his mother's murder when
bobby said this a man suddenly looked
scared and immediately got out of the
audience seat and luckily it noticed by
jack who immediately chased after him
finally the man caught after angel
framed him when they find the man
they're looking for jack signals bobby
to stop the mess
finally bobby said goodbye then he went
into a room to question the man while
frightened the man said that the man
bobby was looking for was his cousin
named damian
then bobby thanked the man and told him
to get back to enjoying the game
the mercer immediately went to damian's
residence to question him again while
the mercer were waiting for any sign of
damian's presence jack suddenly pointed
to someone they thought was the person
they were looking for bobby immediately
got out of the car and brandished a gun
seeing a foreign man brandishing a gun
damian panicked and directly entered his
house
finally a chase took place which
required bobby to catch damian but when
bobby was about to stop damian he had to
deal with two vicious dogs that damien
released
the two dogs immediately bit bobby who
asked angel for help meanwhile damian
prepared a rope to try to escape through
the window but his efforts were in vain
when bobby rescued by angel and
immediately pursued damian's whereabouts
damian who was holding his weight on a
rope at that time tried to keep shooting
upwards while lowering himself slowly
but bobby is a clever man he
unhesitatingly cut the rope that damien
used to escape until he finally fell
damian looked helpless after falling
from a height meanwhile the mercer
immediately asked about the person who
killed his mother at first damian didn't
want to say anything and instead tried
to cover up the case about the murder
until finally bobby threatened to leave
damien in the snow with a broken left
leg with a protruding bone
bobby immediately invited angel and jack
to leave damien who would slowly die if
the ambulance didn't come soon
on the way bobby bets with angel if
damian will tell the truth and it's true
that they don't have long to walk damien
suddenly calls and says that he will
tell the place where the perpetrator of
evelyn's murder is
after damien told that the three of them
went straight to a bar
as soon as they arrived two people
enjoying a drink seemed to know they
were in danger
they immediately preceded the first shot
at the mercer and then tried to escape
in a car
bobby decides to take his car and goes
to chase the two of them
there was a chase in the middle of the
night and a blizzard was coming down
bobby asks angel to keep shooting at
their enemy's car so they can catch him
luckily angel's shot hit one of the
shoulders of the man trying to escape
and the chase ended when bobby managed
to stop their car by crashing into it
after their enemy's car overturned bobby
and angel immediately took the killer
out of their mother and beat her to
death
they both end the battle by shooting
their mother's killer under the pretext
of revenge
while jack could only silent watching
his two adoptive brothers kill someone
the next day when bobby being treated by
angel's lover two police officers
suddenly came to their mother's house
and it turned out that the police were
green and fowler
the two of them immediately asked bobby
some questions including bobby's arm
which looked injured
bobby reasoned that it was an injury he
got while playing skee-ball
but bobby suddenly fell silent when
green showed him a piece of evidence
namely his hair which was found between
the two bodies that died horribly bobby
evades and says that green is only
making false witnesses like what he told
the mercer when his mother killed
in the end the investigation stopped and
bobby acquitted of all charges
after green and fowler leave their
residence bobby decides to find out more
about the clues they just got
however this time the investigation
conducted by the mercer family only
involved two people namely jack and
bobby because angel had a momentary
business with her lover
when angel was making out someone
suddenly knocked on his door and it
turned out to the mercer family
insurance
the man also gave evidence showing how
one of evelyn's adopted children jerry
paid for all of his brother's insurance
at a very high cost and of course it
raised suspicions on the insurers
because they knew that jerry involved in
bankruptcy on his project
hearing this angel was really surprised
because he didn't expect that jerry who
had looked rich all this time was
actually known to be bankrupt